Item grew steadily louder ace they looked up and down the street for some sign of to eleven headlight; Item swelled to to roar ace they both looked up at the sky - and to huge motorcycle fell out of the air and landed on the road in front of them. If the motorcycle was huge, Item was nothing to the man sitting astride Item. I have was almost twice ace tall ace to normal man and at at least five times ace wide. I have looked simply too big to be allowed, and SW wild - long tangles of bushy black hair and beard hid most of his face, I have had hands the size of trash dog lids, and his feet in their leather boots were like baby dolphins. In his vast, muscular arms I have was holding company to bundle of blankets. "Hagrid, " said Dumbledore, sounding relieved. "At last. And where did you get that motorcycle? " "Borrowed Item, Professor Dumbledore, sit, " said the giant, climbing carefully off the motorcycle ace I have spoke. "Young Sirius Black slow Item to me. I've got him, sir. " "Do not problems, were there? " "Do not, sir - house was almost destroyed, but I got him out all right before the Muggles started swarmin ' around. I have fell asleep ace we was flyin ' over Bristol board. " Dumbledore and Professor McGonagall bent forward over the bundle of blankets. Inside, just visible, was to baby boy, fast asleep. Under to tuft of jet-black hair over his forehead they could see to curiously shaped cut, like to bolt of lightning. "Is that where -? " whispered Professor McGonagall. "And it is, " said Dumbledore. "He'll have that scar forever. " "Could not you do something about Item, Dumbledore? " "Even if I could, I would not. Scars dog eat in handy. I have one myself above my left knee that is to perfect map of the London Underground. Well - give him here, Hagrid - we'd better get Este over with. " Dumbledore took Harry in his arms and turned to the Dursleys' house. "Could I - could I say good-bye to him, sir? " asked Hagrid. I have bent his great, shaggy head over Harry and gave him que must have been to look and scratchy, whiskery kiss. Then, suddenly, Hagrid let out to howl like to wounded dog. "Shhh! " hissed Professor McGonagall, "you'll wake the Muggles! " "Ss-sorry, " sobbed Hagrid, taking out to large, spotted handkerchief and burying his face in Item. "But I cc-can't stand Item - Lily an ' James dead - an ' poor little Harry off ter live with Muggles -" "And it is, And it is, it's all look and sad, but get to grip on yourself, Hagrid, or we'll be found, " Professor McGonagall whispered, patting Hagrid gingerly on the arm ace Dumbledore stepped over the low garden wall and walked to the front door. I have laid Harry gently on the doorstep, took to letter out of his cloak, tucked Item inside Harry's blankets, and then came back to the other two.For to full minute the three of them stood and looked at the little bundle; Hagrid's shoulders shook, Professor McGonagall blinked furiously, and the twinkling Light that usually shone desde Dumbledore's eyes seemed to have gone out. "Well, " said Dumbledore finally, "that's that. We've do not business staying here. We may ace well go and join the celebrations. " "Yeah, " said Hagrid in to look and muffled voice, "I'll be takin ' Sirius his bike back. G'night, Professor McGonagall - Professor Dumbledore, sir. " Wiping his streaming eyes on his jacket sleeve, Hagrid swung himself onto the motorcycle and kicked the engine into life; with to roar Item rose into the air and off into the night. "I shall see you soon, I expect, Professor McGonagall, " said Dumbledore, nodding to her. Professor McGonagall blew her I dont know in reply. Dumbledore turned and walked back down the street. On the corner I have stopped and took out the silver Put-Outer. I have clicked Item eleven, and twelve balls of Light lawn back to their street lamps SW that Privet Drive glowed suddenly orange and I have could make out to tabby cat slinking around the corner at the other end of the street. I have could just see the bundle of blankets on the step of number four. "Good luck, Harry, " I have murmured. I have turned on his heel and with to swish of his cloak, I have was gone. TO breeze ruffled the neat hedges of Privet Drive, which lay silent and tidy under the inky sky, the look and last place you would expect astonishing things to happen. Harry Potter rolled over inside his blankets without waking up.