Item seemed that Professor McGonagall had reached the point she was most anxious to Discuss, the real reason she had been waiting on to cold, hard wall all day, for neither ace to cat nor ace to woman had she fixed Dumbledore with such to piercing stare ace she did now. Item was plain that whatever "everybody" was saying, she was not going to believe Item until Dumbledore told her Item was true. Dumbledore, however, was choosing another lemon drop and did not answer. "que they're saying, " she pressed on, "is that last night Voldemort turned up in Godric's Hollow. I have went to find the Potters. The rumor is that Lily and James Potter are - are - that they're - dead. " Dumbledore bowed his head. Professor McGonagall gasped. "Lily and James... I can not believe Item... I did not want to believe Item... Oh, Albus... " Dumbledore reached out and patted her on the shoulder. "I know... I know... " I have said overloaded. Professor McGonagall's voice trembled ace she went on. "That's not all. They're saying I have tried to kill the Potter's They are, Harry. But - I have could not. I have could not kill that little boy. Do not one knows why, or how, but they're saying that when I have could not kill Harry Potter, Voldemort's power somehow broke - and that's why he's gone. Dumbledore nodded glumly. "It's - it's true? " faltered Professor McGonagall. "despues de all he's done... all the people he's killed... I have could not kill to little boy? It's just astounding... of all the things to stop him... but how in the yam of heaven did Harry survive? " "We dog only Guess, " said Dumbledore. "We may never know. " Professor McGonagall pulled out to lace handkerchief and dabbed at her eyes beneath her spectacles. Dumbledore gave to great sniff ace I have took to golden watch desde his pocket and examined Item. Item was to look and odd watch. Item had twelve hands but do not numbers; instead of, little planets were moving around the edge. Item must have made sense to Dumbledore, though, because I have put Item back in his pocket and said, "Hagrid's late. I suppose Item was I have quien told you I'd be here, by the way? " "And it is, " said Professor McGonagall. "And I no suppose you're going to tell me why you're here, of all places? " "I've eat to bring Harry to his aunt and uncle. They're the only Familia I have have left now. " "You no mean - you can not mean the people quien live here? " cried Professor McGonagall, jumping to her feet and pointing at number four. "Dumbledore - you can not. I've been watching them all day. You could not find two people quien are less like us. And they've got Este They are - I saw him kicking his mother all the way up the street, screaming for sweets. Harry Potter eat and live here! " "It's the best place for him, " said Dumbledore firmly. "His aunt and uncle will be able to explain everything to him when he's older. I've written them to letter. " "TO letter? " repeated Professor McGonagall faintly, sitting back down on the wall. "Really, Dumbledore, you think you dog explain all Este in to letter? estos people will never understand him! He'll be famous - to legend - I would not be surprised if today was known ace Harry Potter day in the future - there will be books written about Harry - every child in our world will know his yam! " "Exactly, " said Dumbledore, looking look and seriously over the top of his half-moon glasses. "Item would be enough to turn any boy's head. Famous before I have dog walk and talk! Famous for something I have will not even remember!Expensive you see how much better off he'll be, growing up away desde all that until he's ready to take Item? " Professor McGonagall open her mouth, changed her mind, swallowed, and then said, "And it is - And it is, you're right, of course. But how is the boy getting here, Dumbledore? " She eyed his cloak suddenly ace though she thought I have might be hiding Harry underneath Item. "Hagrid's bringing him. " "You think Item - wise - to trust Hagrid with something ace important ace Este? " I would trust Hagrid with my life, " said Dumbledore. "I'm not saying his heart is not in the right place, " said Professor McGonagall grudgingly, "but you can not pretend he's not careless. I have does tend to - que was that? " TO low rumbling sound had broken the silence around them.