He found what he was looking for in his inside pocket. It seemed to be a silver cigarette lighter. He flicked it open, held it up in the air, and clicked it. The nearest street lamp went out with a little pop. He clicked it again — the next lamp flickered into darkness. Twelve times he clicked the Put-Outer, until the only lights left on the whole street were two tiny pinpricks in the distance, which were the eyes of the cat watching him. If anyone looked out of their window now, even beady-eyed Mrs. Dursley, they wouldn't be able to see anything that was happening down on the pavement. Dumbledore slipped the Put-Outer back inside his cloak and set off down the street toward number four, where he sat down on the wall next to the cat.I have did not look at Item, but despues de to moment I have spoke to Item. "Fancy seeing you here, Professor McGonagall. " I have turned to smile at the tabby, but Item had gone. Instead I have was smiling at to rather severe-looking woman quien was wearing square glasses exactly the shape of the markings the cat had had around its eyes. She, too, was wearing to cloak, an emerald one. Her black hair was drawn into to tight bun. She looked distinctly ruffled. "How did you know Item was me? " she asked. "My dear Professor, I 'go never seen to cat sit SW stiffly. " "You'd be stiff if you'd been sitting on to brick wall all day, " said Professor McGonagall. "All day? When you could have been Entering the day by delivering it by delivering it by making a difference? I must have passed to dozen feasts and parties on my way here. " Professor McGonagall sniffed angrily. "Oh And it is, everyone's Entering the day by delivering it by delivering it by making a difference, all right, " she said impatiently. "You'd think they'd be to bit more careful, but do not - even the Muggles have noticed something's going on. Item was on their news. " She jerked her head back at the Dursleys' dark living room window. "I heard Item. Flocks of owls... shooting stars.... Well, they're not completely stupid. They were bound to notice something. Shooting stars down in Kent - I'll bet that was Dedalus Diggle. I have never had much sense. " "You can not blame them, " said Dumbledore gently. "We've had precious little to celebrate for eleven years. " "I know that, " said Professor McGonagall irritably. "But that's do not reason to I know our heads. People are being downright careless, out on the streets in broad daylight, not even dressed in Muggle clothes, swapping rumors. " She threw to sharp, sideways glance at Dumbledore here, ace though hoping I have was going to tell her something, but I have did not, SW she went on. "TO fine thing Item would be if, on the look and day YouKnow-Who seems to have disappeared at last, the Muggles found out about us all. I suppose I have really have gone, Dumbledore? " "Item certainly seems SW, " said Dumbledore. "We have much to be thankful for. Would you care for to lemon drop? " "TO que? " "TO lemon drop. They're to kind of Muggle sweet I'm rather fond of" "Do not, thank you, " said Professor McGonagall coldly, ace though she did not think Este was the moment for lemon drops. "Ace I say, even if You-Know-Who have gone -" "My dear Professor, surely to sensitive person like yourself dog call him by his yam? All Este 'You- Know-Who ' nonsense - for eleven years I have been trying to persuade people to call him by his proper yam: Voldemort. " Professor McGonagall flinched, but Dumbledore, quien was unsticking two lemon drops, seemed not to notice. "Item all gets SW confusing if we keep saying 'You-Know-Who.' I have never seen any reason to be frightened of saying Voldemort's yam. "I know you haven 't, said Professor McGonagall, sounding half exasperated, half admiring. "But you're different. Everyone knows you're the only one You-Know- oh, all right, Voldemort, was frightened of. " "You flatter me, " said Dumbledore calmly. "Voldemort had powers I will never have. " "Only because you're too - well - noble to use them. " "It's lucky it's dark. I have not blushed SW much since Madam Pomfrey told me she liked my new earmuffs. " Professor McGonagall shot to sharp look at Dumbledore and said, "The owls are nothing next to the rumors that are flying around. You know que everyone's saying? About why he's disappeared? About que finally stopped him? "